how come to a new place review on
second advent and this time we are
faster than snow, too
is again a nice situation to stop
at the right time at the right place
his
but this time it's about murder and
Although the dubstep can
many may know them from saints
make row 44 because now comes here
first nice dubstep pure what you guys
is probably dropped and i can
First of all, I'll tell you in advance
I do not have powers on the side of
the developer unfortunately no pictures or
seen crafting recipes and that's why
I do not even know if you can do it
that's why there can be problems at all
the whole in game mode and so is
Once again a little fan makes me
we want to introduce you to catch
the first step entirely from the description
there are no explosive and grew
Worrying that polo emina and you
Hold a maximum ammo of 100 so
hamann
if we start the whole topic with
Right click of the pathology and substance
I'll make sure of that quieter
I have to know the number of places
you already get it going in you this
small box and if you run over it
then you get a little high
hurled and they stop too
no exclusive damage is always there
not yet in loud that one time
quieter again if you
right click makes in any case
activates the whole and you could stop
to jump around and listen to this music
further told her you will
highly taxed if you have something like that
but that's not true yet
everything from mods and I could now then
also disable it again
then there are the exclusive so the
I think for exclusive shadow I
Just tax a bit that does me
Of course very sorry so not so
bad but now it comes to the
next and the exclusive one has
exclusive at the same time sebastian i so
is a zombie and bastian i and us
can start it very important
you can see
it all explodes a bit
away after the time actually quite
it's cool so you can really do it with it
very nice hello andi like in the ground
bust
and there are always where you go
shows where you point there will then go
So that really blows up to no
Not that bad when you are
yes, every block and so on
you can also quiet times as small
gulches
but if you show it, the hole comes
Then I think I 'm going to run
I think the music is loud can
for example simply times by the
bus jump or what forest or what
but I do not decide
still with dubstep can and that is the
series style and she is not exclusive
but has a remix of one
record and that you can here
with the title retrieve yes one can think
that something is this normal
to have a record all of a sudden
short with jukebox so that you all
listen again you can that again
Sounds and that's just the remix
that is the remix so the normal and
now comes the remix many know
maybe and that sounds quite different
different
what is very cool if you think so
you can not see the package you will too
after this little remix and poses
this little explosion
yes i would say and that was it from
the motto we make an old one again
on the record
I mean we live a bit
more stone age you and if it is you
I liked the thumb upwards
if the other mods see like that
then write it in the comments
See you in the next video bye